assign coupon, coupon code also could bve set manually. 

in the assign coupon, if i generate a new code by clicking the button, the prefix rule doesnt apply, for eg: if the issuing side is operations, but the new code is sara- xxx

Logibn for agents: based on company id.
email and last name to be optional when creating a user. 
login name employee id.
display name actual name. 

login using login name.

compensation to be able to searched using the order id from user portal.

admin portal coupon approval search using order id or phone numbe and coupon code. 

admin portal after edit there should be a save.


Coupon approval: All period. date filter. date column in table.


compensation reports: decided by to be replaced with approved by. 
replace decided by date, decision note by note

all date filters in reports to be of format d/mm/yyyy.

sla perf report:
need date filter
no first response for ticket. only reolution time.
for chat, keepb both. 


in reports there will be only 2 typwes agent kpi and operations kpi. pages under both.

inbox, pe-ready button to be abled to comnfigure the values from admin->workspace->dropdown values. create a new section for this in the dropdown values page.

Ai asistance inbox reply in arabic.

For assign coupon configuration, the delivery types, all should be selected by default.

in assign coupon, if item is selected, the coupon value should be equal to item price and should be editable.

Number of uses default value 1 but should be editable.

add date to coupon approvals.
the most recent should be on top.
should show complete branch name, time, and everything to be displayed to track it properly. 

in the user tickets, the coupon code and coupon dewtail which is created/assigned should be present 


if a customer reaches a store and wants to send a message to the agent, they should scan a qr code  enter their phone number in the format 05xxxxxxxx, with 10 digits including 0. and then redirect to the 5175 page. 


when thwe attachment moves from chat to icket, there should be an option to select/remove and select required attachment only or upload custom as well. 
by default only the hats an agent had with a customer only in that session should be attached to the ticket. not all the historical attachments.

